=head1 NAME

Script Generator - A simple script generator based on file extensions

=head1 VERSION

2.1.0 (2024.09.12.)

=head1 SYNOPSIS

script.pl [options] [file ...]

 Options:
   -i, --interpreter  specify the interpreter to use (e.g., bash, zsh, perl, ruby etc.)
   -o, --options      specify code options to be appended below the shebang (e.g., pl-strict, py-pwn etc.)
   -f, --forced       overwrite files forcefully without warning, even if they exist
   -v, --version      display the script version
   -h, --help         brief help message
   -m, --man          full documentation

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-i, --interpreter>

Specify the interpreter to use for the script. The default is 'bash'. If the script extension is recognized (e.g., `.pl` for Perl), the appropriate interpreter will be used automatically unless overridden.

=item B<-o, --options>

Specify the code options to be appended below the shebang. If no options are provided, files containing only the shebang will be created. 

=item B<-f, --forced>

Overwrite files without warning, even if they exist. If this option is not set, no action will be taken on the files after a warning is issued.

=item B<-v, --version>

Displays the version of the script.

=item B<-h, --help>

Prints a brief help message.

=item B<-m, --man>

Displays the complete manual page for the script.

=back

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This script generates a new script file with the correct shebang line based on the file extension or the specified interpreter. It can also add basic boilerplate code and set the execute permissions for the file.

The supported interpreters include bash, zsh, sh, csh, ksh, tcsh, perl, ruby, python, and python3. 

If no specific extension is provided, the script will use the interpreter given as an option or the default interpreter.

If an extension is provided and it is unsupported, the script will raise an error. This happens if no interpreter is provided as an option, rather than using the default interpreter.

Options are defined with a hyphen, placing the interpreter on the left and the distinguishing name of the options on the right. You can include multiple options. However, if more than one option of the same interpreter is provided, only one will be applied.

To add more options for file generation, you can modify the 'tscr_opts.yml' file. However, improper formatting in this file may cause errors or prevent the script from working correctly.

=head2 YAML FILE (tscr_opts.yml) FORMAT

	option_name: # your custom option name
	  interp: # list of supported interpreters
		- interpreter 1 
		- interpreter 2
	  # code to append
	  code: |
		code text

=head2 OPTIONS AVAILABLE

=over 4

=item pl-strict : (perl)

	use warnings;
	use strict;

=item py-pwn : (python, python3)

	from pwn import *
	if __name__ == '__main__':

=item py-main : (python, python3) 

	if __name__ == '__main__':

=back

=head1 LICENSE

This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0

=cut
